{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21080\viewh10020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 I believe that learning styles do actually matter even if other people believe it doesn\'92t. I am a mostly visual learning, or so the test proclaims and I do agree with it. I know for certain that there are classes I have taken, in my seven years of college, that I have been more and less better equipped for mentally. Whenever I have a class that is mostly visuals and example videos, or I can do the assignment physically, I have a much easier time in those classes. I understand how to do things easier, and that visual representation helps me recall how to do things. Whenever a class has been mostly long readings and have no visual aids, I am always confused because I have no \'93image\'94 to associate with what is being said. I can\'92t picture the thing that is being talked about. I struggle significantly more and have constantly more questions for the professor. I believe that classes that have all three of these options have the best teaching methods for classes. Being able to see something, hear about it and why we do it this way, and then to practice it myself is my best learning style. I know that my siblings also have different styles of learning, just by helping them with their own studies. Everyone is a little bit different in what they need, and teachers that can provide all materials for all learning styles have the best classes!}